you
in 1983 the first ever space-based
observatories to survey the skies at
infrared wavelengths was launched from
California its name was iris the
infrared astronomical satellite being
the first of its kind you can imagine
that the data it gathered would be
largely unknown to many people indeed
some things are still waiting to be
identified but then there are hundreds
of thousands of them to go through we
are talking about ninety six percent of
the entire sky here and seen in infrared
where then does niburu fit into all of
this back in 1983 IRS briefly made
headlines with the discovery of an
unknown object described as possibly as
large as the giant planet Jupiter and
possibly so close to Earth that it would
be part of this solar system sounds like
nipper array at last we have definitive
proof except that we don't of course
know these unknown objects were of
course studied in detail and found out
to be distant galaxies distant galaxies
by definition don't exist inside solar
systems and a slightly larger than
Jupiter okay one last time these are
small but the ones out there are far
away
the washington post article even goes on
to quote dr. jerry no gay bar regarding
speculation that he might be moving
towards Earth who says it's not incoming
mail I want to douse the idea with as
much cold water as I can not never who
then not at all which is strange because
it has been known what IRS has seen for
more than two decades now and still it
is falsely used as proof of Nibiru so
when you hear a believer bring iris to
the table politely tell them to take you
back small far away Africa